# What-s-the-most-important-legacy-institution-to-help-humans-cooperate-


 

1, Voluntary interactions as Schelling point- DAO and illustration on (Revisit Legitimacy: The DAO Bug).
2, My view on the most important legacy institution to help humans cooperate

The realization that early humans were the hunted and not hunters have upended traditional ideas about what it takes for a species to thrive. For decades the reigning view had been that hunting prowess and the ability to vanquish competitors was the key to our ancestors' evolutionary success. Being hunted brought evolutionary pressure on our ancestors to cooperate and live in cohesive groups. That, more than aggression and warfare, is our evolutionary legacy. Consequently, the evolution of natural language as observed in the book did not just occur suddenly or authoritatively. It took time for human to acquitted and used to it through interactions between many players in the game through their actions and inactions. 
To illustrate this point, Leonard Read traces back a pencil’s development process, from tree through production line to coloring to final product. While no one person knows how to make a pencil and most of the thousands of people involved in producing it don’t know of each other, live in different countries, speak different languages, they nevertheless cooperate to produce a pencil, one of the thousands of items we take for granted in our lives. 

DAO and Revisit Legitimacy: The DAO Bug

The DAO was an organization that was designed to be automated and decentralized and one of the major features of digital currencies is that they are decentralized. This means they are not controlled by a single institution like a government or central bank, but instead are divided among a variety of computers, networks, and nodes. Consequently, a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) is an entity with no central leadership. Decisions get made from the bottom-up, governed by a community organized around a specific set of rules enforced on a blockchain. DAOs are internet-native organizations collectively owned and managed by their members. They have built-in treasuries that are only accessible with the approval of their members. Decisions are made via proposals the group votes on during a specified period. It works without hierarchical management and can have a large number of purposes. In many cases, virtual currencies make use of this decentralized status to attain levels of privacy and security that are typically unavailable to standard currencies and their transactions.
The author made reference to voluntary systems depending on drawing boundaries movable by voluntary agreement, that is, voluntarism is about boundary setting around our physical bodies, and every right beyond this is just convention on different layers of abstraction. Exploring various stages in the game of civilization through commerce, smart contract would be crucial and beneficial in bind players decisions and involvement in the game. 

Looking at the scenario of one the most prominent instantiation of a DAO was the Slock.itDAO, a $150M venture capital fund. Smart contracts automatically executed investments and profit distribution based on how investors used their shares to vote. Unfortunately, this DAO came to an untimely end when a user discovered a bug and siphoned out a substantial amount of the funds. This triggered a reversal of transactions to restore investors’ funds via a “hard fork” that effectively unwound a supposedly immutable transaction record. Crucially, the bug was in the application, not in the underlying Ethereum code. Forks can be valuable because they allow one to take the state of an existing system and chart a new path. It is the crypto equivalent to Facebook allowing you to take their entire database and codebase to create a competitor with the same code, social connections, and photos but better features.  This allows for more experimentation than legacy governments or companies with no exit options but also brings new challenges for our shared understanding of legitimacy.


MY VIEW ON THE MOST IMPORTANT LEGACY INSTITUTION TO HELP HUMANS COOPERATE

 	In the game of civilization I strongly believe that voluntary interaction as a legacy have played from the evolution of the players and will definitely continue to play a huge role in the progression(future) of civilization. Voluntary interaction can be seen as a doctrine or system based on voluntary participation in a course of action or the belief that the state, government, and the law should not interfere with the procedures of collective bargaining and of trade union organization.
For instance, taking the second explanation to illustrate the nature of the game and players , A core problem will be creating a credible realm of voluntary interaction, which at the base level is itself only built out of voluntary interaction that is not controlled or regulated by a centralized authority which is “the government”. Most players in the game believe that the collective bargaining in trade and transaction should not be regulated by a centralized body rather a decentralized system like smart contract and the invisible hands of demands and supplies should be put in place to do the job. 
Unfortunately, how is this possible in the current world order? For the fact that, the government is still the controller of the affairs and the activities carried out in civilization like regulating the market price by checking activities and transaction of players, banks, funding research and discovery projects, making the rules and laws that guides the players in the game of civilization. This is the point where the voluntary interaction would play an important role by players making sure they converge in uniformity by lobbying and influencing the government through their proposal and plans in making decision that would be favourable to the player at large. For example, if Chris want to invent an AI or a decentralized network like DAO that would improve the transactions and activities of players in crypto-commerce, he should make sure that the project doesn’t go against the rules and laws of the government in which the project will operate within and also he should put other players in consideration. For the players to cooperate and be successful in this game, they have to come together through voluntary interaction towards building a favourable ecosystem that would accommodate different ideas and innovation toward improving the game of civilization. Friedrich Hayek summed up this dynamic as “civilization begins when the individual in the pursuit of his ends can make use of more knowledge than he has himself acquired”.


